The military is kinda like a microcosm of the real world. When you start
to join the military, the first couple of, your first major experience
is going to be obviously boot camp. Then after that you're going
to go to your A school. And, at least for me, for what I've experienced
with my college, there's no difference. You get your housing
paid for, and you get to wear a cool uniform, but otherwise it's very
very similar to college. Yeah, the college experience, you're gonna
work more, way more, in the military then a regular college. But you're
still opening books, you're still studying, you're still talking
to your friends, still talking to your professor, and you don't worry
about a normal nine to five job, so much, that I could be sweating
and sweeping and stuff. At the end of that, then you start a nine
to five job with the military. So if the question is how is the military
different then college. college is four years of intensive study,
military is they just give you the basic information, really quick
really pass in two weeks to two years, and then they send you off
into the world.